[OTLPHTTP Exporter] OAuth2 Client Credentials Authorization support for Exporters using HTTP Clients (#2464)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector: config/configclientauth/README.md

> # Client Authorization Settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Authentication Settings for Exporters
```

Reviewer: Correct me if I'm wrong, but from the client's perspective, this is only about authentication, not authorization.

Author: @jpkrohling this is interesting - yes, it is indeed client authentication but this is done inorder to get a token used for authorization to access resources on the server - not sure how to frame this.

> This module provides HTTP/GRPC client types to be configured to perform authorization for requests using the following 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module provides helpers for HTTP/gRPC exporters, allowing them to be configured to perform authentication of outgoing requests.
```

Author: Hmm, makes me think - The ultimate goal in both OAuth2 client credentials and "Bearer Token" way is to get a token for authorization to access resources on the server - not sure how to go about it.

Author: ```
# AuthX Settings for Exporters

This module provides HTTP/GRPC client types to be configured to perform authorization/authentication for requests using the following 
```
would something like this work?

Reviewer: I would still use "HTTP/gRPC exporters" instead of client types, to make it extra clear that this is affecting exporters, not extensions nor receivers. But despite the name of the HTTP header being "authorization", sending credentials is only the authentication part of the story: it's telling the server who the client is (username), and giving some proof of it (secret/password). Authorization (is the user authorizes to perform the requested operation?) is solely done on the server-side.

Author: @jpkrohling got it! I have modified the README per your original suggestion. Please let me know - Thanks for the review!

## OAuth2 Client Credentials. (HTTP/gRPC)

OAuth2 Client Credentials library exposes a [variety of settings](https://pkg.go.dev/golang.org/x/oauth2/clientcredentials)
and implements the OAuth2.0 ["client credentials"](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#section-1.3.4)
token flow, also known as the ["two-legged OAuth 2.0" or machine to machine authorization](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#section-4.4).

> This should be used when the client is acting on its own behalf.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This should be used when the client (exporter) is acting on its own behalf.
```

> When enabled as a part of HTTP/gRPC Client Configuration, the corresponding Client with OAuth2 supported authorization transport is returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When enabled as a part of an HTTP/gRPC exporter configuration, the corresponding Client with OAuth2 supported authorization transport is returned.
```

The client manages the token auto refresh

### OAuth2 Client Credentials Configuration

- [`client_id`](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#section-2.2): The unique identifier issued by authorization server to the registered client.

> - `client_secret`: Registered clients secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `client_secret`: Registered client's secret.
```

Reviewer: You might want to add some warnings like the ones from https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/pull/2341.
